FbEdit debug addin version 1.0.1.2

Big thanks to SARG.
His FB DEBUGGER proof of concept post
(http://www.freebasic.net/forum/viewtopic.php?t=10244&highlight=)
saved me a lot of time understanding how to parse the debug info.

FbDebug addin:
  In most cases I find that a full blown debugger is too much.
  This debug addin acts pretty much like the debugger in vb.net
  or VB6. Unlike other FreeBASIC debuggers the debugged exe will
  run at normal speed until a breakpoint is reached. This makes
  it possible to comfortable debug even large projects and event
  driven applications like windows gui projects.

Limitations:
- You can only debug exe's compiled with the -g option.
- You can not inspect the value of variables in an array.
  However you can use the immediate window. You can also use the
  OutputDebugString api to have the value displayed in FbEdit's
  output window. This will also work if the project is compiled
  without the -g option.
- Immediate window:
  Due to limitted debug info on zstring size, zstring arrays are
  not supported.
  You can not set a string variable longer than its allocated string space.
- You can not debug libraries.
- Debugging dll's is not supported yet.
- OOP briefly tested, seem OK.
- Will only work on FbEdit version 1.0.6.2 or higher.

Breakpoints:
- Breakpoints are saved in the project file if a project is open.
- At designtime it is possible to set a breakpoint on a line
  that does not produce any code. This breakpoint will have
  no effect. You will be warned if this is the case. At runtime
  you can only set breakpoints on lines that produces code.

Inspecting variables:
- You can inspect the value of variables in the current scope by
  moving the mouse over the variable (arrays will only show dimensions).
- You can use the immediate window to print the value of variables.
  Example:
  ?x                Will print the value of x.
- You can also insert the OutputDebugString api in your code to
  have the value displayed in FbEdit's output window.
- Watch
  You can watch max 30 variables at a time.
  Example:
  Watch x,y,z			Will watch variables x, y and z.
                     Varialble that changes will have a red color.

Threads:
FbDebug can only debug one thread at a time.
The first breakpoint that the debugger handles will determine what
thread will be debugged. If the debugged thread terminates then a
new thread can be debugged.

Debug menu:
- Toggle Breakpoint
  Sets or clears a breakpoint.

- Clear Breakpoints
  Clears all breakpoints in current file.

- Run
  Starts the execution. Execution will be halted on a breakpoint.
  You will be warned if there are unsaved source files or if any
  source files are newer than the exe. You will also be warned if
  there are unhandled breakpionts.

- Stop
  Terminates the execution.

- Step Into
  Will single step, including a call to a sub or function.

- Step Over
  Will jump over a call to a sub or function (unless there is a
  breakpoint).

- Run To Caret
  Execution will be halted on the current line (unless there is
  a breakpoint).

- Do not debug
  Lets you exclude subs and functions from debugging.
  This is useful when you are confident that a sub or function is working properly
  and hence can be excluded from debugging.
  It is also useful when debugging applications with threads. Excluding thread
  subs and functions from debugging will ensure that the thread is running at full
  speed.

- Immediate window
  With the immediate window you can print or set the value of
  variables in the current scope.
  Example:
  ?x                Will print the value of x.
  x=99              Will set the value of x to 99.
  You can also evaluete a limitted numper of fb functions like:
  Asc, Len, InStr, InStrRev
  Str, Chr, Left, Right, Mid, Space, String
  Example:
  ?Asc("A")         Will print 65
  Supported operators:
  Eqv, Imp, Xor, Or, And, Not, =, <>,< , >, <=, >=, +, -, Shr, Shl,
  Mod, \, *, /, ^, &
  Example:
  ?(1+2)*3          Will print 9
  You can also add Watch to variables.
  Variables that changes will have a red color.
  Example:
  Watch x,y,z
  The command Dump will show a list of all variables.
  The command Dump MyUdt will show a list of all members in the udt MyUdt.
  Example:
  Dump RECT				Will show this list:
  LEFT As Integer
  TOP As Integer
  RIGHT As Integer
  BOTTOM As Integer

Whats New:
----------
Version 1.0.0.0
o Posted on FbEdit forum.
Version 1.0.0.1
o Added support for namespace.
o Added support for with block.
o Added support for threads and nested threads.
o Arrays will show dimensions.
o While debugging the debug menu is the context menu.
o Fixed cosmetic bug if Highlight active line option is enabled.
o Fixed bug with label in asm block.
Version 1.0.0.2
o Added support for modules.
o Improved breakpoint setting.
o Improved Stop function. If a safe exit is not possible you will
  be asked to terminate the process.
o Fixed bug with exe filename.
Version 1.0.0.3
o Fixed bug with threads in libraries.
o Fixed bug with module filenames.
Version 1.0.0.4
o Fixed bug with showing parameters and locals.
o Added immediate window.
  While debugging you can inspect or set the
  value of variables in the current scope.
  Example:
  ?x             Will print the value of x.
  x=Asc("A")     Will set the value of x.
Version 1.0.0.5
o Changed the way debug info is read from the process.
  This should prevent the 'Error reading memory at xxxx' message.
o Added support for namespaces to immediate window.
o Added support for foreign datatypes (like HINSTANCE) to immediate window.
o Added Dump command to immediate window. The command
  will create a list of all variables.
o Fixed bug with UDT's in immediate window.
Version 1.0.0.6
o Fixed bug with parsing debug info on common variables.
Version 1.0.0.7
o Fixed bug with parsing debug info.
  The bug would create some kind of random parsing of UDT's.
Version 1.0.0.8
o Added Watch to immediate window.
o Fixed bug with parsing Common variables.
Version 1.0.0.9
o Fixed bug while parsing huge UDT's.
o Run wil bring the debugged window / console to top.
Version 1.0.1.0
o Added Dump udt. Will show all members of the requested udt.
o Fixed bugs with showing variables in multimodule projects.
  This involved a major redesign on how variables are parsed
  from the debug info.
Version 1.0.1.1
o The internal debugger now also works without a project.
Version 1.0.1.2
o Added option to add subs and functions to Do not debug.
o Fixed bugs with debugging applacations that uses threads.
o Fixed bugs with debug tooltip.
Version 1.0.1.3
o Debugging now works on FreeBASIC 021
o Added Files command to immediate window.
  Will show a list of files.
Version 1.0.1.4
o Added Debug / Break. Very useful if your program hangs in a loop.
o Added FPU and MMX register windows.
o The debugger now breaks on an exception.

KetilO
