Bias factor=0.1

Dear Editor This is the murderer of the two teenagers last Christmass at Lake Herman and the girl on the fourth of July near the golf course in Vallejo To prove I killed them I shall state some facts which only I and the police know. Christmass Brand name of ammo Super X ten shots were fired the boy was on his back with his feet to the car the girl was on her right side feet to the west fourth July girl was wearing paterned slacks The boy was also shot in the knee. Brand name of ammo was western OVER Here is part of a cipher the other two parts of this cipher are being mailed to the editors of the Vallejo Times and SF Examiner. I want you to print this cipher on the front page of your paper. In this cipher is my idenity. If you do not print this cipher by the afternoon of Fry. first of Aug sixtynine, I will go on a kill ram-Page Fry. night. I will cruse around all weekend killing lone people in the night then move on to kill again, untill I end up with a dozen people over the weekend. I LIKE KILLING PEOPLE BECAUSE IT IS SO MUCH FUN IT IS MORE FUN THAN KILLING WILD GAME IN THE FORREST BECAUSE MAN IS THE MOST DANGEROUS ANIMAL OF ALL TO KILL SOMETHING GIVES ME THE MOST THRILLING EXPIERENCE IT IS EVEN BETTER THAN GETTING YOUR ROCKS OFF WITH A GIRL THE BEST PART OF IT IS THAE WHEN I DIE I WILL BE REBORN IN PARADICE AND ALL THEI HAVE KILLED WILL BECOME MY SLAVES I WILL NOT GIVE YOU MY NAME BECAUSE YOU WILL TRY TO SLOW DOWN OR STOP MY COLLECTION OF SLAVES FOR MY AFTERLIFE  Dear Editor This is the Zodiac speaking. In answer to your asking for more details about the good times I have had in Vallejo, I shall be very happy to supply even more material. By the way, are the police haveing a good time with the code? If not, tell them to cheer up; when they do crack it they will have me. On the fourth of July: I did not open the car door, The window was rolled down all ready. The boy was origionaly sitting in the front seat when I began fireing. When I fired the first shot at his head, he leaped backwards at the same time thus spoiling my aim. He ended up on the back seat then the floor in back thashing out very violently with his legs; thats how I shot him in the knee. I did not leave the cene of the killing with squealling tires and raceing engine as described in the Vallejo paper,. I drove away quite slowly so as not to draw attention to my car. The man who told the police that my car was brown was a negro about forty to fortyfive rather shabbly dressed. I was at this phone booth haveing some fun with the Vallejo cops when he was walking by. When I hung the phone up the dam X@ thing began to ring and that drew his attention to me and my car. Last Christmass In that epasode the police were wondering as to how I could shoot and hit my victoms in the dark. They did not openly state this, but implied this by saying it was a well lit night and I could see the silowets on the horizon. Bullshit that area is srounded by high hills and trees. What I did was tape a small pencel flash light to the barrel of my gun. If you notice, in the center of the beam of light if you aim it at a wall or celling you will see a black or darck spot in the center of the circle of light about three to six inches across. When taped to a gun barrel, the bullet will strike exactly in the center of the black dot in the light. All I had to do was spray them as if it was a water hose; there was no need to use the gun sights. I was not happy to see that I did not get front page coverage.  This is the Zodiac speaking. I am the murderer of the taxi driver over by Washington St and Maple St last night, to prove this here is a blood stained piece of his shirt. I am the same man who did in the people in the north bay area. The S.F. Police could have caught me last night if they had searched the park properly instead of holding road races with their motorcicles seeing who could make the most noise. The car drivers should have just parked their cars and sat there quietly waiting for me to come out of cover. School children make nice targets, I think I shall wipe out a school bus some morning. Just shoot out the front tire and then pick off the kiddies as they come bouncing out. Zodiac  This is the Zodiac speaking I though you would need a good laugh before you hear the bad news you won't get the news for a while yet PS could you print this new cipher on your frunt page? I get awfully lonely when I am ignored, so lonely I could do my Thing!!!!!! Des July Aug Sept Oct is seven  This is the Zodiac speaking up to the end of Oct I have killed seven people. I have grown rather angry with the police for their telling lies about me. So I shall change the way the collecting of slaves. I shall no longer announce to anyone. When I committ my murders, they shall look like routine robberies, killings of anger and a few fake accidents, etc. The police shall never catch me, because I have been too clever for them. I look like the description passed out only when I do my thing, the rest of the time I look entirle different. I shall not tell you what my descise consists of when I kill As of yet I have left no fingerprints behind me contrary to what the police say in my killings I wear transparent fingertip guards. All it is is two coats of airplane cement coated on my fingertips -- quite unnoticible and very efective my killing tools have been boughten through the mail order outfits before the ban went into efect. Except one and it was bought out of the state. So as you can see the police don't have much to work on. If you wonder why I was wipeing the cab down I was leaving fake clews for the police to run all over town with, as one might say, I gave the cops som bussy work to do to keep them happy. I enjoy needling the blue pigs. Hey blue pig I was in the park -- you were useing fire trucks to mask the sound of your cruzeing prowl cars. The dogs never came with in two blocks of me and they were to the west and there was only two groups of parking about ten min apart then the motor cicles went by about hundredfifty ft away going from south to north west p.s. two cops pulled a goof abot three min after I left the cab. I was walking down the hill to the park when this cop car pulled up and one of them called me over and asked if I saw anyone acting suspicious or strange in the last five to ten min and I said yes there was this man who was runnig by waveing a gun and the cops peeled rubber and went around the corner as I directed them and I disappeared into the park a block and a half away never to be seen again. "must print in paper." Hey pig doesnt it rile you up to have your noze rubed in your booboos? If you cops think I'm going to take on a bus the way I stated I was, you deserve to have holes in your heads. Take one bag of ammonium nitrate fertilizer and one gal of stove oil and dump a few bags of gravel on top and then set the shit off and will positivily ventalate any thing that should be in the way of the blast. The death machine is all ready made. I would have sent you pictures but you would be nasty enough to trace them back to developer and then to me, so I shall describe my masterpiece to you. The nice part of it is all the parts can be bought on the open market with no questions asked. one bat. Pow clock will run for aprox one year one photoelectric switch two copper leaf springs two six volt car bat one flash light bulb and reflector one mirror two eighteen inch cardboard tubes black with shoe polish inside and oute Mirror bus Bombs (one bag each) six volt Bat six volt Bat bus goes bang car pass es by ok. the system checks out from one end to the other in my tests. What you do not know is whether the death machine is at the sight or whether it is being stored in my basement for future use. I think you do not have the manpower to stop this one by continually searching the road sides looking for this thing. and it wont do to re roat and re schedule the busses because the bomb can be adapted to new conditions. Have fun!! By the way it could be rather messy if you try to bluff me. PS. Be shure to print the part I marked out on page three or I shall do my thing. To prove that I am the Zodiac, Ask the Vallejo cop about my electric gun sight which I used to start my collecting of slaves.  Dear Melvin This is the Zodiac speaking I wish you a happy Christmass. The one thing I ask of you is this, please help me. I cannot reach out for help because of this thing in me won't let me. I am finding it extreamly dificult to hold it in check I am afraid I will loose control again and take my nineth and posibly tenth victom. Please help me I am drownding. At the moment the children are safe from the bomb because it is so massive to dig in and the triger mech requires much work to get it adjusted just right. But if I hold back too long from no nine I will loose complet all controol of my self and set the bomb up. Please help me I can not remain in control for much longer. Zodiac  This is the Zodiac speaking By the way have you cracked the last cipher I sent you? My name is -- I am mildly cerous as to how much money you have on my head now. I hope you do not think that I was the one who wiped out that blue meannie with a bomb at the cop station. Even though I talked about killing school children with one. It just wouldn't doo to move in on someone else's teritory. But there is more glory in killing a cop than a cid because a cop can shoot back. I have killed ten people to date. It would have been a lot more except that my bus bomb was a dud. I was swamped out by the rain we had a while back. The new bomb is set up like this  Sun light in early morning Bus Sun A B String of Bombs A Car Bat Timer B A and B are photoelectric swiches when sun beam is broken A closes circut " " B opens " which makes B the cloudy day discon- -ect so the bomb won't go off by accid. PS I hope you have fun trying to figgure out who I killed Zodiac is ten SFPD is zero  I hope you enjoy your selves when I have my Blast. Zodiac  If you don't want me to have this blast you must do two things. Tell everyone about the bus bomb with all the details. I would like to see some nice Zodiac butons wandering about town. Every one else has these buttons like, Peace symbol, black power, Melvin eats bluber, etc. Well it would cheer me up considerably if I saw a lot of people wearing my buton. Please no nasty ones like Melvin's Thank you Zodiac  This is the Zodiac speaking. I have become very upset with the people of San Fran Bay Area. They have not complied with my wishes for them to wear some nice Zodiac buttons. I promiced to punish them if they did not comply, by anilating a full School Buss. But now school is out for the summer, so I punished them in another way. I shot a man sitting in a parked car with a thirty eight Zodiac twelve SFPD zero The map coupled with this code will tell you where the bomb is set. You have untill next Fall to dig it up.  zero is to be set to Mag. N.  This is the Zodiac speaking Being that you will not wear some nice Zodiac buttons, how about wearing some nasty Zodiac buttons. Or any type of Zodiac buttons that you can think up. If you do not wear any type of Zodiac buttons, I shall (on top of everything else) torture all thirteen of my slaves that I have wateing for me in Paradice. Some I shall tie over ant hills and watch them scream and twich and squirm. Others shall have pine splinters driven under their nails and then burned. Others shall be placed in cages and fed salt beef untill they are gorged then I shall listen to their pleass for water and I shall laugh at them. Others will hang by their thumbs and burn in the sun then I will rub them down with deep heat to warm them up. Others I shall skin them alive and let them run around screaming. And all billiard players I shall have them play in a darkened dungen cell with crooked cues and Twisted Shoes. Yes I shall have great fun inflicting the most delicious of pain to my slaves SFPD is zero Zodiac is thirteen As some day it may hapen that a victom must be found. I've got a little list. I've got a little list, of society offenders who might well be underground who would never be missed who would never be missed. There is the pestulentual nucences who whrite for autographs, all people who have flabby hands and irritating laughs. All children who are up in dates and implore you with im platt. All people who are shakeing hands shake hands like that. And all third persons who with unspoiling take thoes who insist. They'd none of them be missed. They'd none of them be missed. There's a banjo seranader and the others of his race and the piano orginast I got him on the list. All people who eat pepermint and phomphit in your face, they would never be missed They would never be missed And the Idiout who phraises with inthusastic tone of centuries but this and every country but his own. And the lady from the provences who dress like a guy who doesn't cry and the singurly abnormily the girl who never kissed. I don't think she would be missed Im shure she wouldn't be missed. And that nice impriest that is rather rife the judicial hummerest I've got him on the list. All funny fellows, commic men and clowns of private life. They'd none of them be missed. They'd none of them be missed. And uncompromising kind such as wachmacallit, thingmebob, and like wise, well - - nevermind, and tut tut tut tut, and whashisname, and you know who, but the task of filling up the blanks I rather leave up to you. But it really doesn't matter whom you place upon the list, for none of them be missed, none of them be missed. PS. The Mt. Diablo Code concerns Radians and # inches along the radians  San Francisco Chronicle S.F. Mon. five Oct, nineteenseventy Dear Editor, You'll hate me, but I've got to tell you. The pace isn't any slower! In fact it's just one big thirteenth 'Some of them fought it was horrible' P.S. THERE ARE REPORTS city police pig cops are closeing in on me. Fk I'm crackproof, What is the price tag now?  Zodiac  PARADICE SLAVES By Fire By Gun By Knife By Rope PEEK-A-BOO YOU ARE DOOMED! four-TEEN BOO! Z  This is the Zodiac speaking Like I have allways said, I am crack proof. If the Blue Meannies are evere going to catch me, they had best get off their fat asses and do something. Because the longer they fiddle and fart around, the more slaves I will collect for my after life. I do have to give them credit for stumbling across my riverside activity, but they are only finding the easy ones, there are a hell of a lot more down there. The reason I'm writing to the Times is this, They don't bury me on the back pages like some of the others. SFPD-zero Zodiac-seventeen plus  I saw and think "The Exorcist" was the best saterical comidy that I have ever seen. Signed, yours truley: He plunged himself into the billowy wave and an echo arose from the suicide's grave titwillo titwillo titwillo PS. If I do not see this note in your paper, I will do something nasty, which you know I'm capable of doing. Me - thirtyseven SFPD - zero